I loved everything about his hand the
way you smell
you swept me off my feet I can get us
back to where we were and promise I can
make that happen you remember this
beautiful lady here hi how things being
going with you I can finally sleep I
have some energy we had sex
whoever makes this drug gon be rich me
how was it murder there's been an
incident what do we do no sign of forced
entry no sign of struggle
where's her new hair she doesn't have
one just kept talking about you I
understood what you know her
would you have treated her differently
if she was a man that's not what
happened and what is going on
but on a blick sir how make usually my
doctor anymore
I think she requires more observation
someone gets punished he's all gonna go
away it's gonna follow you around port
ever had no idea this was going on mean
lying to her he was lying to me I will
never be here if it weren't for you I
want my life back you know I'm gonna
crazy everyone knows everything
damn are you waiting destroy that before
destroyed you